README.md, before:

# AI-Automated-Interview-Platform

<a href="https://github.com/rasikaghadge/AI-Automated-Interview-Platform/network/members"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/forks/rasikaghadge/AI-Automated-Interview-Platform" alt="Forks Badge"/></a>
<a href="https://github.com/rasikaghadge/AI-Automated-Interview-Platform/pulls"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr/rasikaghadge/AI-Automated-Interview-Platform" alt="Pull Requests Badge"/></a>
 <a href="https://github.com/rasikaghadge/AI-Automated-Interview-Platform/issues"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues/rasikaghadge/AI-Automated-Interview-Platform" alt="Issues Badge"/></a>
<a href="https://github.com/rasikaghadge/AI-Automated-Interview-Platform/graphs/contributors"><img alt="GitHub contributors" src="https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/rasikaghadge/AI-Automated-Interview-Platform?color=2b9348"></a>
<a href="https://github.com/rasikaghadge/AI-Automated-Interview-Platform/blob/main/LICENSE"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/rasikaghadge/AI-Automated-Interview-Platform?color=orange" alt="License Badge"/></a>

## Installation

### Server (TypeScript+Node)
Install packages
`npm i`

Run the server in development model
`npm run dev`

Run in production
`npm start`

## Tech Stack

**Client:** ![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/-React-61DAFB?logo=react&logoColor=white) ![Redux](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Redux-764ABC?logo=redux&logoColor=white) ![CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/-CSS-1572B6?logo=css3&logoColor=white)

**Server:** ![Node](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Node.js-339933?logo=node.js&logoColor=white) ![Express](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Express-000000?logo=express&logoColor=white)



## License

[MIT](https://github.com/rasikaghadge/AI-Automated-Interview-Platform/blob/main/LICENSE)


## Thanks for your Contribution
<div class="avatar-container">
    <a href="https://github.com/rasikaghadge/AI-Automated-Interview-Platform/graphs/contributors">
        <img src="https://contrib.rocks/image?max=50&repo=rasikaghadge/AI-Automated-Interview-Platform" />
    </a>
</div>

Commit message:

updated readme with client run command

README.md, after:

# AI-Automated-Interview-Platform

<a href="https://github.com/rasikaghadge/AI-Automated-Interview-Platform/network/members"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/forks/rasikaghadge/AI-Automated-Interview-Platform" alt="Forks Badge"/></a>
<a href="https://github.com/rasikaghadge/AI-Automated-Interview-Platform/pulls"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr/rasikaghadge/AI-Automated-Interview-Platform" alt="Pull Requests Badge"/></a>
 <a href="https://github.com/rasikaghadge/AI-Automated-Interview-Platform/issues"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues/rasikaghadge/AI-Automated-Interview-Platform" alt="Issues Badge"/></a>
<a href="https://github.com/rasikaghadge/AI-Automated-Interview-Platform/graphs/contributors"><img alt="GitHub contributors" src="https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/rasikaghadge/AI-Automated-Interview-Platform?color=2b9348"></a>
<a href="https://github.com/rasikaghadge/AI-Automated-Interview-Platform/blob/main/LICENSE"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/rasikaghadge/AI-Automated-Interview-Platform?color=orange" alt="License Badge"/></a>

## Installation

### Server (TypeScript+Node)
Install packages
`npm i`

Run the server in development model
`npm run dev`

Run in production
`npm start`

### Client
Install packages
`yarn install`

Run the client in development model
`npm start`


## Tech Stack

**Client:** ![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/-React-61DAFB?logo=react&logoColor=white) ![Redux](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Redux-764ABC?logo=redux&logoColor=white) ![CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/-CSS-1572B6?logo=css3&logoColor=white)

**Server:** ![Node](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Node.js-339933?logo=node.js&logoColor=white) ![Express](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Express-000000?logo=express&logoColor=white)



## License

[MIT](https://github.com/rasikaghadge/AI-Automated-Interview-Platform/blob/main/LICENSE)


## Thanks for your Contribution
<div class="avatar-container">
    <a href="https://github.com/rasikaghadge/AI-Automated-Interview-Platform/graphs/contributors">
        <img src="https://contrib.rocks/image?max=50&repo=rasikaghadge/AI-Automated-Interview-Platform" />
    </a>
</div>
